Documentation improvement (#101)
lxylxy123456/ngshare: docs/contributer_guide/why_ngshare.rst

The Problem
-----------

> nbgrader can be used in JupyterHub for creating and grading assignments, but there are issues when JupyterHub is deployed as a Kubernetes cluster. nbgrader is unable to automatically distribute and collect assignments since there isn't a shared filesystem (used by the exchange directory). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nbgrader can be used in JupyterHub for creating and grading assignments, but there are issues when JupyterHub is deployed as a Kubernetes cluster. nbgrader distributes and collects assignments via a shared directory between instructors and students called the exchange directory. nbgrader does not work on a Kubernetes setup because there isn't a shared filesystem in which to place the exchange directory. 
```
